psalm 42 the chief musician a psalm of
david i waited patiently for the Lord
and he inclined to me and heard my cry
he also brought me up out of a horrible
pit out of the miry clay and set my feet
upon a rock and established my steps he
has put a new song in my mouth praise to
our God many will see it in fear he will
trust in the Lord blessed is that man
who makes the Lord his trust and does
not respect the proud nor such as turn
aside to lies many Oh Lord my god are
your wonderful works which you have done
and your thoughts toward us cannot be
recounted to you in order if I would
declare and speak of them they are more
than can be numbered sacrifice and
offering you did not desire my ears you
have opened burnt offering and sin
offering you did not require then I said
behold I come in the scroll of the book
it is written of me
I delight to do your Will O my god and
your law is within my heart I have
proclaimed the good news of
righteousness in the great assembly
indeed I do not restrain my lips o Lord
you yourself know
I have not hidden your righteousness
within my heart I have declared your
faithfulness and your salvation
I have not concealed your loving
kindness and your truth from the great
assembly do not withhold your tender
mercies from me O Lord let your loving
kindness and your truth continually
preserve me for innumerable evils have
surrounded me my iniquities have
overtaken me so that I am not able to
look up they are more than the hairs of
my head therefore my heart fails me be
pleased O Lord to deliver me O Lord make
haste to help me let them be ashamed and
brought to mutual confusion who seek to
destroy my life let them be driven
backward and brought to dishonour who
wish me evil
let them be confounded because of their
shame who say to me ah-ha-ah-ha let all
those who seek you rejoice and be glad
in you let such as love your salvation
say continually the Lord be magnified
but I am poor in needy
yet the Lord thinks upon me you are my
help and my deliverer do not delay
oh my god
you